add post on upcoming fosdem 2023 (#539)
SovereignCloudStack/website: _i18n/en/_posts/blog/2023-02-01-fosdem-2023-sovereign-cloud-devroom.md

as

* Thierry Carrez talk on the [role of Open Infrastructure in digital sovereignty](https://fosdem.org/2023/schedule/event/sovcloud_the_role_of_open_infrastructure_in_digital_sovereignty/)
* Marcel Hild who will give an [overview of the Operate First project](https://fosdem.org/2023/schedule/event/sovcloud_operate_first_community_cloud/) 

and Peter Zaitsev that will answer the [question wether Open Source is coming to a cloud near you](https://fosdem.org/2023/schedule/event/sovcloud_is_open_source_coming_back_to_your_cloud/).

There are numerous other devrooms that touch topics that are relevant to the SCS community - to be honest, basically all of them do, so this is just an excerpt. ;)

* [Containers](https://fosdem.org/2023/schedule/track/containers/)
* [Virtualization and IaaS](https://fosdem.org/2023/schedule/track/virtualization_and_iaas/)
* [Software Defined Storage](https://fosdem.org/2023/schedule/track/software_defined_storage/)
* [CI/CD](https://fosdem.org/2023/schedule/track/continuous_integration_and_continuous_deployment/)
* [Software Bill of Materials](https://fosdem.org/2023/schedule/track/software_bill_of_materials/)

> If you now have the urge to develope [FOMO](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fear_of_missing_out), no worries: All the talks are recorded and available for later consumption!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you now have the urge to develop [FOMO](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fear_of_missing_out), no worries: All the talks will be recorded and available for later consumption!
```
